RHIDP-1921 Document Known issues and fixed issues in RHDH 1.2 release… (#308)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/con-relnotes-known-issues.adoc

Deprecation warning: The backend.auth.keys config has been replaced by backend.auth.externalAccess"::
+
--

> Due to changes to the backend service-to-service authentication, you will see a deprecation warning if you have set up your deployment to use the "backend.auth.keys" configured under "upstream.backstage.appConfig". This warning is harmless for now and no action is needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to changes to the backend service-to-service authentication, you will see a deprecation warning if you have set up your deployment to use the `backend.auth.keys` field configured in `upstream.backstage.appConfig` This warning is harmless for now and no action is needed. 
```

//link:{LinkRHIDPIssue}RHIDP-2716[(RHIDP-2716)]
--

IP addresses may appear in application logs::
+
--
If you deploy {product-short} without a proxy, there is the potential for user's IP addresses to appear in the audit logs. If your organization's security policies restrict you from retaining IP addresses, you can take one or both of the following actions:

* Delete the IP addresses after they are collected.

> * Prevent collection of user's IP addresses by configuring a reverse proxy in front of {product-short}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Prevent collection of users' IP addresses by configuring a reverse proxy in front of {product-short}.
```

Reviewer: Same as above, maybe just remove users, I like that suggestion
